```markdown
---
layout: post
title: "The Winning Continues and New Rankings Have Been Released"
date: 2025-09-11
author: Admin
image: /images/2025-09-17-vb.jpg
image_credit: "Photo from University of the Cumberlands"
---

The Patriots have kept on winning on the courts, fields, and pitches, and the nation has taken notice. Since the last update, sorry for the lack of updates; life happens, and I won't always be available to do updates. All teams have picked up wins recently (minus football, which had a bye week).

# Women's Soccer Kicking Butt and Taking Names

The Ladies have remained undefeated despite a very tough road trip to Miami and Fort Lauderdale. On Saturday, they played at #1 Keiser University and left with a 1-0 victory. Now it's time for a Patriots Nation rant. The new NAIA Top 25 was released today, and Cumberlands was ranked #2. That is not what upset me at first. I get it; jumping from 5th to 1st is difficult for a voter. Now what makes me fume is that KEISER IS STILL #1. Had they said Marian (8-0-0) was #1 and UC #2, I would say cool. However, there is no way UC should be behind Keiser after we beat them on the road.

END RANT.

# Volleyball Powers Their Winning Streak Into MSC Play

The UC volleyball team has kept on winning in a dominant fashion. They have won their first 14 matches, including wins over nationally ranked programs Montana Tech and IU Kokomo. The Patriots have only lost three sets all season and have swept nine straight matches, winning 24 straight sets. Had they not dropped the first set to Montana Tech, they would have 13 straight sweeps and 40 straight set wins. They have risen to #14 in the nation (their highest ranking ever).

# Men's Soccer Has Had Mixed Results

The Patriots have see-sawed this season, standing at a 3-2-2 record. The Patriots dropped the most recent match to WVU Tech, 4-2, but had just beaten Bryan College 4-0 prior to WVU Tech. They now head to Mid-South Conference play where they can grab control of the season and show what they are made of. They have dropped to #4 in the nation.